Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening.
I'm an actor and I'm going to speak quickly today.
about a film that will reach the
theaters this week that the penguins of
Madagascar
the new dreamworks animation
The plot has 62 flashbacks, the first being
spent at the beginning of everything before
sticks and the captain of the conscript and the other
that your name becomes and that they are the
frank madagascar shows the little babies
little babies are in the north with the edict
walking until he found of
recruits to a recruit is from there
Then begins the adventure that begins
when they flee the circus of
madagascar 3 the third movie other than the
People can not take it anymore, we run away.
and there begins the story where he finds
a villain who makes me part of the past
since it is called davi that it is the people who
wants revenge on them but playing more
a megalomaniac behind it is the
movie basically the penguins with team
called not all of us trying to end it
the people's plans
for those who do not know agatha style well
if there is anyone knows this was
the highlight of the first animation
of madagascar there in 2005 thereafter
Also in the Proceedings of the two years three
tanks ended up winning a series
own television the penguins of
madagascar in 2008 a series well
fun even and I remember for a long time
that there was this thing of wanting to make a
his several other penguins movie with
kowalski by captain per recruit only with
them and ended up rolling in the beginning of
2015 has finally hit theaters
Brazilians have to pay dearly if a
Simple tech animation has a script
simple that focused on this thing of the
staff who has an inmate
a member that ends up not being so well
considerable as the others
there is a villain they have to give a
way to win opinion basically is
the heart of the script or what moves the
onwards the north wind is a
elite task force
a secret elite task force that
line with this simple script that makes the
movie stay interesting love that
typical humor of the penguins that they
The movies were already working and in the
works here too because it is a great
highlight of the movie are the penguins
they are fun they are comical
situations that they get into
ends up being funny fun and yields
good parts to you have a good laugh
during the movie
the action is there that is also present
half comical he or very funny but
it's not something extraordinary
in the end penguins of
madagascar is a children's animation b
child care so parents can please
for taking the kids with you a little
but will watch it end up liking the
movie is not a shot of a movie like this
What are you going to do best?
animation animation year though
ends up being neither forgettable the passing of the
time will be both in memory but it is
A fun movie that is worth seeing
than the original distribution during the
credits that one of the bank's characters
by the bandit with bete
of the film scheduled here and as always
3d does not make a difference so if you
find a room where you do not have
technology but they get dave wilson
your microphone is not connected, press
button with the drawing of a micro at a time
that the villain calls us this happens
now there is nothing but unfortunately
we did not look like I'm talking to
my parents in wedlock from madagascar
If you like the video, I got it.
here below puts you above the
video here on the side in case you want
watch and in case you want to follow
if you 've watched crush the movie is
serious all stops comment if you
like or not given on the trunk and the
penguins
If you liked the video, we also
see yourself at any time
beauty spoke